# GAN

Table of contents:

1. TOC
{:toc}

This post is to document my learning journey on GANs or Generative Adversarial Networks. GAN technology is considered to be one of the most promising advancements in the field of AI. I have worked in facial recognition previously and I have a decent background in ML/deep learning. Anyone who has trained deep learning models would understand the importance of training data, which is scarce in many cases. 

My motivations are:
1. Obviously, for the pleasure of learning! First.
2. To keep myself up-to-date with deep learning advancements.
3. Hopefully, I would like to explore how much GANs can actually help in synthetic data generation for training deep learning models.
4. Perhaps see if I can do something creative with these GANs.

## Coursera GAN specialization

Rather than scouring the web for resources randomly, I decide to take a more principled approach. I decide to follow the [GAN Specialization on Coursera](https://www.coursera.org/specializations/generative-adversarial-networks-gans).

I completed the wonderful Machine Learning course taught by Prof. Andew Ng a few years ago and I loved it. I did all the exercises sincerely and learnt a lot from it. I even had the Ecole Doctorale (the PhD program office at my French university) to accept this toward my degree requirements. 

I hope to derive the same pleasure and value from this course. To really motivate myself, I have taken the paid option which costs 40 EUR/month. There are a total of 4 courses in this specialization. Each course has atleast 4 assignments to be completed. I like this do-and-learn approach in general which for me is quite effective strategy. I hope to review each of these courses here as well.

### Build Basic Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs)

The lectures were clear and sequenced in a very nice way. However, the coding assignments could have been much better.
